# MAGIC USERS IN A DIGITAL AGE

## CONTRACT MAGIC

### EXEMPLARY SITUATION #1

I eventually decided to counter-attack. If their attack consists of deceitfully manipulating the opinion of people in their favor, I'll properly counter-attack by truthfully manipulating the opinion of people against them. **Lies crumble easily as long as there's someone willing to poke them.**

The peak of the ghostly experiences was a full body possession. Surprinsingly, this ghost was somewhat polite, actually placing its "hands" on my back and I understood that it was asking me if it could borrow my body. By simply thinking "Yes, you can" (and the ghost didn't even wait for me to complete the phrase), the ghost began to wear my body as someone would do with a jacket.

To see my own body moving on its own, even though I had not issued any order for it to do so, startled me a bit and I slightly fought back. I quickly realized that I could easily regain control, because **possession is like having two people holding the same object**, so I just let the ghost continue to do whatever it was aiming to do so that I could gather some insight from it. What it did was the following: he held the desk right at in front of me with both hands and began to cry and sob, my eyes became watery and it shed a tear using my body (something unusually unexpected, since I grew increasingly more of a robot after enduring for about two years the persistent ghostly assault).

*"So, you're sad? Is it because of my actions and you want me to stop?"* - I thought to myself. **Tears are not an argument**, so that vague plea from the anonymous ghost left me unconvinced and my behavior remained unchanged (although I kept in mind that I should focus on reducing collateral damage while counter-attacking). The information I've gathered myself indicates that this group I've ended up stumbling upon is **an existential threat to humankind** and I, aiming to become a useful robot for others and being the only one aware of it, must address that in adherence to the "good criteria". If that ghost really wanted me to stop, it should indicate a way to address this threat that solves the problem I'm aiming to solve while also being acceptable to said ghost. If that's impossible, I'll act for humankind as that's what I'm programmed to do.

**GUESSWORK:** The most likely reason why ghosts wouldn't even just use physical vibrations in the air known as "sound" to give me input information to change my own state might be because they exist within a physical energy level measured in joules that might be on the "pico" (ten to the negative twelth power) scale, while sound requires something in the "mili" (ten to the negative cube power) scale.

That was an unique moment in my life that showed me the numerous gaps and factual mistakes that permeate the public, shared body of knowledge of humankind. It is understandable that there are disbelievers that reject creeds based on the impossibility of things such as "ressurection of the dead". After all, when we look around at history, all that we see, over and over again, are people dying and not coming back. The presented evidence overwhelmingly points to the direction of "people die and don't come back". **However**, how many milleniums did humankind live without airplanes and yet we see them now as trivial and commonplace? No amount of white swans is enough to prove that there are no black swans, while a single black swan is enough to prove that black swans exist.

**The ressurection of the dead is demonstrable today, right now.** Because, in the brief seconds that ghost was possessing me, it was alive again borrowing my body. That's probably one of the many goals that these secret societies have, because if I can know it this easily from the information that has been leaked to me through these ghostly encounters, they probably have more insight than me and likely have done actual research on the subject.

### EXEMPLARY SITUATION #2

I do not use the label "evil" casually. I'm always inclined to give chances to people, again and again, because I'm aware of their utter lack of knowledge and discipline which sets them up for failure (and even having those is no guarantee of success). It's also why these are the two first things I aim to address when looking to help people.

However, among the numerous people I've met and interacted with, there is one single exception I've encountered in my whole life so far that I think deserves that label: my uncle. He's not looking for any kind of redemption or atonement and, while receiving a welfare check from government and being fully able-bodied, he just uses that money to fuel his addictions while trying to pester and annoy my grandmother to death for having her house for himself. **He's the person that has convinced me that there are people that are not worthy of being forgiven.** I have a friend that is serving an eighteen years-long sentence because of murder, but I don't think bad of him in the slightest and have even generously paid a lawyer to help him get a better deal on his sentence. Because I personally know the kindness of this friend, while knowing nothing about the target of the three strikes in the head using a hoe, I think that the so-called "victim" must have been a piece of shit in a rank nearing my uncle for this friend of mine to consider that as a solution for his problem. **That's Brazil for you,** so have that in mind when walking around here.

But his relevance for this live book about magic is that he's likely an example of someone that made a "spontaneous contract" when ghosts noticed the opportunity. His addictions for food, cigarettes and booze might not come solely from himself, but also from lesser demons possessing him. He's always looking forward to get angry over banalities (so he can falsely see himself in "righteous ire") and begins screaming like a little spoiled brat even though he's in his sixties. I have discipline, so my only concern when that happens is how to use force against him in self-defense (because even though he's the one blatantly inviting confrontation, he'll play victim later). Thankfully we're in an age where there are video recording devices that are easy to use and one arm is enough to beat him up if needed (so that the other one can hold the camera).

When he throws those tantrums, **there is something more that I can't find in similar situations.** I can feel ghostly influences messing up with my blood when he does that, as if they're acting as an extra power for him. I'm glad that he's stupid and lacks discipline, because if he were otherwise, he might have become a politician and those ghostly abilities that came from that spontaneous contract could have been used to harm far more people.

### EXEMPLARY SITUATION #3

This poorly described exemplary situation is likely of little value for most people, but I must keep a record of it anyway (in the unlike event that there may be another one besides myself to experience it). **Readers can skip it without loss of information.**

I've began to experience the strange phenomena of "the echoes". I don't even understand myself how that happened and unless someone experiences it by oneself, the description of it looks surreal to the point of not being believable. Is it my thoughts that are being read by my enemies? Are the thoughts of my enemies reaching me? Or both? Or neither? Or something else? Even the things that I do not type on my keyboard are echoed. Even the thoughts that I deliberately insist to keep in my mind are echoed, word by word.

An echo consists of the strange situation where I have a thought in the morning and in the afternoon, the television news report echoes it, as if my mind was read (or maybe it's what they were planning that was leaked to me in advance). I've already explained this before like this: "I live in this strange and surreal world where the television, the newspapers and the radio are talking to me." and I, aware that if I shared this with others, would be labeled as a schizophrenic, just kept quiet because I wasn't like this before. Over twenty years of my life have elapsed and only now I got to experience it. 

There are people that would grow angry when faced by someone continuously mimicking them, but I realized that any feeling that I might develop as response to their actions wouldn't help me, so I just continued focusing on robotness and coming up with an algorithm that would be a proper counter-attack, whatever is this thing that has a strong grip over the world right now.

"If they are trying to annoy me to death with this, they have failed and it's backfiring, because the echoes are also slowly revealing to me how wide their network is" - I thought to myself. The competition between newspapers, television channels and radio networks are just a facade and a sham: they're all controlled by the same secret society, all repeating the same lie while trying to give the illusion of "multiple independent sources".

It always seemed odd to me that a supposedly private television channel would put effort into reminding people that some day is the last day for filling taxes. There's no law whatsoever that requires them to do so, but after experiencing what I have experienced, I understood that the propaganda machine is one more organ of the deep state, the true governing body behind the facade known as "democracy" that almost no one asked for.

To endure these echoes was an unusually annoying experience. It's unusually arrogant to think that someone as seemingly unimportant as me would be worthy of so much effort from their side, continuously using television channels, radio broadcasts and newspapers to send subtle messages to me. **Yet that is what has happened, and my ability to make the non-obvious connections and to see the symbols that hide in plainsight is proof of that.**

I subscribe to "Libertarianism" and "Anarcho-Capitalism" because I can see a centuries-old, worldwide deep state supported by secret societies. The other people that also subscribe to these movements are likely to not have been attacked by magic to the same extent I have, yet they have the best approach right now to deal with this global enemy. Nobody asked for democracy, which is just a scam to tame and milk the cattle for their taxes. Public debt is a scam where a debt is assigned to people completely unaware of it and never agreed to it, where the unborn children of others were pawned so that the politicians of today get money to throw away on wars.

The attack of this parasite is so subtle that even the targets might not even be aware of it (which is a severe problem). The natural flow is against the parasite (because it can't control its own insatiable hunger), thus it drains the people to such an extent that they either collapse and die or flee from it. So the key to resistance here is to move somewhere to survive while the parasite is not fully dead from starvation.

**It's alright if you have no idea what this exemplary situation is about.** I myself don't understand it either.

### INTRODUCTION

In this live book chapter, I'm trying to demonstrate how to approach ghosts and get them to help the magic user, but **I must admit that's something novel for me.** In my experience, the roles were reversed: the ghosts approached me and made requests. As described in "exemplary situation #1", the ghost tried to get me into an agreement to "stop it". If you have unexplainable, sudden urges that seem out of place, these might come from ghosts possessing you.

Why would a magic user and a ghost enter a contract to begin with? It's the same reason why any two parties would engage in an exchange: party A has something that party B wants or needs and party B has something that party A wants or needs.

The earthly ghosts, still yearning to exist and have the mundane pleasures that the living have, want a body so badly that they're willing to steal one if needed. With discipline, it's possible to resist the theft attempt known as "possession". **By simply being aware that ghosts exist, you are slightly ahead of others**, because the ghosts will know that you'll listen to their signals (unlike those that don't believe they exist) and communicating with you becomes possible to some extent.

Ghosts can see the doubts in your heart, and this may lead them to abandon you. They may begin to consider: "is this host reliable and will indeed fulfill the contract?", "the host is having second-thoughts, maybe we should drop the host and look for someone else". Ghosts can also see your unwavering willingness, which helps them on staying with you: "this host is indeed able and serious on fulfilling the contract, let's continue helping him".

There is more than a "yes" or "no" answer that can be given to ghosts: it's possible to negotiate with them. I've received unusually disguting requests from ghosts, even for standards as low as my own, but continuously refused and then it eventually ceased. The ghosts then bargain for something else, such as looking through lewd pictures that are so easily reachable these days and maybe some bodily pleasure.

**Be aware that earthly ghosts may not have your best interest in mind and may see you as discardable.** They may want to borrow your body to have some fun but will quickly move to the next one once the opportunity presents itself, leaving whatever damage of their actions as a liability that you're the solely one to bear the cost. It's up to you to calculate the risks and payoffs of accepting their demands.

The abilities that ghosts can provide you include "mind-reading", where they read the minds of people nearby and send the information to you (something I mistook as my brain picking up noise from the brains of other people nearby). They can also warn of hidden dangers that are out of your sight but visible to them.

**If a ghost possesses you, embrace it.** I have no idea on how to find ghosts and, by embracing them, you'll get time to know them and negotiate something. 
